1. @article{Xu_2022_07, title={Monolithic Integration of Gate Driver and Protection Modules With _P_-GaN Gate Power HEMTs}, volume={69}, url={http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/tie.2021.3102387}, DOI={10.1109/tie.2021.3102387}, number={7}, journal={IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics}, publisher={Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)}, author={Xu, Han and Tang, Gaofei and Wei, Jin and Zheng, Zheyang and Chen, Kevin J.}, year={2022_07}, month={Jul}, pages={6784–6793} }[[Monolithic_Integration_of_Gate_Driver_and_Protection_Modules_With_P-GaN_Gate_Power_HEMTs.pdf]]
2. @article{Zhou_2025_11, title={A GaN Driver IC With Asymmetrical dV/dt Current Clamping Level Shifter and Logic-Based Adaptive Deadtime Control}, volume={72}, url={http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/TCSI.2025.3576158}, DOI={10.1109/tcsi.2025.3576158}, number={11}, journal={IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems I: Regular Papers}, publisher={Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)}, author={Zhou, Dajun and Liu, Tianqi and Zhu, Zhongyao and Sin, Sai-Weng and Martins, Rui P. and Lu, Yan}, year={2025_11}, month={Nov}, pages={6750–6761} }[[A_GaN_Driver_IC_With_Asymmetrical_dV_dt_Current_Clamping_Level_Shifter_and_Logic-Based_Adaptive_Deadtime_Control.pdf]]
3. @article{Yu_2023_01, title={A 400-V Half Bridge Gate Driver for Normally-Off GaN HEMTs With Effective _Dv/Dt_ Control and High _Dv/Dt_ Immunity}, volume={70}, url={http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/tie.2022.3153808}, DOI={10.1109/tie.2022.3153808}, number={1}, journal={IEEE Transactions on Industrial Electronics}, publisher={Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE)}, author={Yu, Siyuan and Zhou, Qi and Shi, Gang and Wu, Tianyang and Zhu, Jing and Zhang, Long and Sun, Weifeng and Zhang, Sen and He, Nailong and Li, Ye}, year={2023_01}, month={Jan}, pages={741–751} }[[A_400-V_Half_Bridge_Gate_Driver_for_Normally-Off_GaN_HEMTs_With_Effective_Dv_Dt_Control_and_High_Dv_Dt_Immunity.pdf]]
4. @inproceedings{Zhuang_2024_06, title={An Integrated Low-Power Enhanced Pull-Up GaN Driver Using SenseHEMT for Reliable and Fast Short-Circuit Protection}, url={http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/ispsd59661.2024.10579657}, DOI={10.1109/ispsd59661.2024.10579657}, booktitle={2024 36th International Symposium on Power Semiconductor Devices and ICs (ISPSD)}, publisher={IEEE}, author={Zhuang, Chun-Wang and Ming, Xin and Ye, Zi-Kai and Qin, Yao and Gong, Xin-Ce and Lu, Yi and Li, Si-Chao and Zhou, Qi and Zhang, Bo}, year={2024_06}, month={Jun}, pages={351–354} }[[An_Integrated_Low-Power_Enhanced_Pull-Up_GaN_Driver_Using_SenseHEMT_for_Reliable_and_Fast_Short-Circuit_Protection.pdf]]
5. Y. Shi et al., "A Novel Gate-to-Source ESD Protection Clamp for GaN HEMT," in IEEE Transactions on Electron Devices, vol. 69, no. 7, pp. 3648-3653, July 2022, doi: 10.1109/TED.2022.3172057.[[A_Novel_Gate-to-Source_ESD_Protection_Clamp_for_GaN_HEMT.pdf]]
6. K. Varadarajan, S. Singamaneni and S. Kappala, "Surge-Robust Flyback Power Supplies with GaN," 2020 IEEE Applied Power Electronics Conference and Exposition (APEC), New Orleans, LA, USA, 2020, pp. 2584-2587, doi: 10.1109/APEC39645.2020.9124571. [[Surge-Robust_Flyback_Power_Supplies_with_GaN.pdf]]
7. P. -J. Chiu et al., "A 15.4-ppm/°C GaN-Based Voltage Reference With Process-Variation-Immunity and High PSR for Electric Vehicle Power Systems," in IEEE Solid-State Circuits Letters, vol. 7, pp. 359-362, 2024, doi: 10.1109/LSSC.2024.3510597.[[A_15.4-ppm_C_GaN-Based_Voltage_Reference_With_Process-Variation-Immunity_and_High_PSR_for_Electric_Vehicle_Power_Systems.pdf]]
8. P. Bau, S. Gavira-Duque, F. Rothan, C. Reymond and D. Bergogne, "Voltage Reference and Zero Current Detector Monolithically Integrated on p-GaN Technology Designed for Process Corners Compensation," _2023 IEEE Applied Power Electronics Conference and Exposition (APEC)_, Orlando, FL, USA, 2023, pp. 673-677, doi: 10.1109/APEC43580.2023.10131398.[[Voltage_Reference_and_Zero_Current_Detector_Monolithically_Integrated_on_p-GaN_Technology_Designed_for_Process_Corners_Compensation.pdf]]
9. C. -H. Liao _et al_., "3.8 A 23.6ppm/°C Monolithically Integrated GaN Reference Voltage Design with Temperature Range from −50°C to 200°C and Supply Voltage Range from 3.9 to 24V," _2020 IEEE International Solid-State Circuits Conference - (ISSCC)_, San Francisco, CA, USA, 2020, pp. 72-74, doi: 10.1109/ISSCC19947.2020.9062940.[[3.8_A_23.6ppm_C_Monolithically_Integrated_GaN_Reference_Voltage_Design_with_Temperature_Range_from_50C_to_200C_and_Supply_Voltage_Range_from_3.9_to_24V.pdf]]
10. H. Zhuang _et al_., "A Chopping-Free Single-Trim Bandgap Reference Using Amplifier With PTAT Offset," in _IEEE Journal of Solid-State Circuits_, vol. 60, no. 11, pp. 4049-4058, Nov. 2025, doi: 10.1109/JSSC.2025.3560578.[[A_Chopping-Free_Single-Trim_Bandgap_Reference_Using_Amplifier_With_PTAT_Offset.pdf]]
11. 
