                                    **Research Proposal Template**

The research proposal must be written in English, with a minimum of 1,000 words and a maximum of 3,500 words excluding the list of references. The research proposal should include:

1. [[Project Tittle]]

Provide a short descriptive title of no more than 20 words.

2. [[Project Summary]]

In no more than 100 words, provide a summary of the proposed research project in language comprehensible to someone outside your field.

3. [[Background]]

Describe the status quo of relevant research in the area and identify a gap in knowledge or activities that must be filled to move the field forward. This should include a comprehensive literature review.

4. [[Objectives and Research Questions]]

Describe the objectives or the intended outcomes of the project. State and explain the research questions and include the hypotheses (as appropriate) or problem to be addressed.

5. [[Theoretical Framework and Methods]]

Describe the research design and methods of analysis you will use to accomplish the objectives, and to answer the research questions.

6. [[Significance or Contribution of the Proposed Research]]

Explain the likely significance of your research and how it will impact the research field.

7. [[Risk Mitigation Strategy]]

Outline the potential risks and challenges anticipated in the proposed research, along with proactive measures to be taken to prevent or mitigate their impact.

8. [[Research Plan and Timeline]]

Summarise the key actions and milestones of the proposed research, with a full-time programme spanning 3-4 years and a part-time programme extending over 4-6 years. It is advisable that a Gantt chart included in the Research Proposal to illustrate the various stages and activities of the research project in terms of a schedule to meet time-lines and milestones.

9. **References**

Provide bibliographic details of all references cited, adopting a standardised format.

**N****otes****:**

The University upholds the highest standards of academic integrity to ensure that the research of our staff and students is of high quality and conducted in a rigorous and ethical way. All work, including the Research Proposal, should be properly referenced.

The university reserves the right to use licensed software to check for similarity with other works, and for content created by Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI) technologies. Dishonest practice occurs when a student presents work generated by GenAI software as their own without appropriately acknowledging its use. The use of GenAI to prepare the Research Proposal must adhere to principles of academic integrity. In brief:

- Acceptable proofreading practices using GenAI tools include the identification of typographical, grammatical or spelling errors, formatting or citation errors and inconsistencies, repetition or duplication of text, ambiguous wording, and mislabeling of graphs, diagrams, and so forth.

- Unacceptable proofreading practices using GenAI include adding or rewriting content, and checking or correcting facts, data, equations, and so forth.